<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <title>Copyright and Notices</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="_static/epub.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="_static/pygments.css" type="text/css" /> 
  </head><body>

    <div class="document">
      <div class="documentwrapper">
          <div class="body" role="main">
            
  <div class="section" id="copyright-and-notices">
<h1>Copyright and Notices</h1>
<div class="line-block">
<div class="line">Apple Inc.</div>
<div class="line">Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc.</div>
<div class="line">All rights reserved.</div>
<div class="line"><br /></div>
</div>
<p>No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, mechanical, electronic, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of Apple Inc., with the following exceptions: Any person is hereby authorized to store documentation on a single computer or device for personal use only and to print copies of documentation for personal use provided that the documentation contains Apple’s copyright notice.</p>
<p>No licenses, express or implied, are granted with respect to any of the technology described in this document. Apple retains all intellectual property rights associated with the technology described in this document. This document is intended to assist application developers to develop applications only for Apple-branded products.</p>
<div class="line-block">
<div class="line">Apple Inc.</div>
<div class="line">One Apple Park Way</div>
<div class="line">Cupertino, CA 95014</div>
<div class="line">408-996-1010</div>
</div>
<p>Apple, the Apple logo, Bonjour, Cocoa, Logic, Mac, Numbers, Objective-C, OS X, Retina, Sand, Shake, and Xcode are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.</p>
<p>Swift and tvOS are trademarks of Apple Inc.</p>
<p>IOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries and is used under license.</p>
<p>Times is a registered trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, available from Linotype Library GmbH.</p>
<p>APPLE MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THIS DOCUMENT, ITS QUALITY, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. AS A RESULT, THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND YOU, THE READER, ARE ASSUMING THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO ITS QUALITY AND ACCURACY.</p>
<p>IN NO EVENT WILL APPLE BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ANY DEFECT, ERROR OR INACCURACY IN THIS DOCUMENT, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.</p>
<p>Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or liability, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.</p>
</div>


          </div>
      </div>
      <div class="clearer"></div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>