<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><head><meta charset="UTF-8" /><title>Copyright</title><link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" /></head><body dir="ltr" id="apsg1eed284a" class="Copyright epub"><h1>Copyright</h1><p>Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.</p><p>Use of the “keyboard” Apple logo (Option-Shift-K) for commercial purposes without the prior written consent of Apple may constitute trademark infringement and unfair competition in violation of federal and state laws.</p><p>Apple, the Apple logo, AirDrop, AirMac, AirPlay, AirPods, AirPods Pro, AirPort, AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme, Animoji, Apple Books, Apple Card, Apple Music, Apple News, Apple Pay, Apple Pencil, Apple Podcasts, AppleScript, Apple TV, Apple Watch, AssistiveTouch, CarPlay, Cocoa, Cover Flow, Face ID, FaceTime, Final Cut Pro, Finder, FireWire, GarageBand, Handoff, HomePod, iBooks, iMac, iMessage, iMovie, iPad, iPad mini, iPadOS, iPad Pro, iPhone, iPod, iPod nano, iPod shuffle, iPod touch, iTunes, iTunes U, iWork, Keychain, Keynote, Launchpad, Lightning, Live Photos, Logic, Mac, MacBook, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, Mac Catalyst, Macintosh, Mac mini, macOS, Mac OS, Mac Pro, MagSafe, Mission Control, OS X, Pages, Photo Booth, QuickTime, Retina, Safari, Siri, Siri Remote, Siri Shortcuts, Spaces, Spotlight, SuperDrive, Taptic Engine, 3D Touch, Time Capsule, Time Machine, Touch ID, TrueDepth, True Tone, tvOS, watchOS, Xcode, and Xsan are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries and regions.</p><p>Apple Remote Desktop, Apple Watch Edition, Live Text, Memoji, Multi-Touch, SharePlay, Sidecar, and Touch Bar are trademarks of Apple Inc.</p><p>AppleCare, Apple News+, Apple Store, Apple TV+, App Store, Genius, iCloud, iCloud Drive, and iTunes Store are service marks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries and regions.</p><p>Apple Consultants Network, Apple Fitness+, and iTunes Music Store are service marks of Apple Inc.</p><address><p>Apple</p><p>One Apple Park Way</p><p>Cupertino, CA 95014</p><p><a href="https://www.apple.com" class="URL">apple.com</a></p></address><p>IOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries and is used under license.</p><p>The Bluetooth<sup>®</sup> word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc., and any use of such marks by Apple is under license.</p><p>Dolby, Pro Logic, and the double-D symbol are trademarks of Dolby Laboratories. Confidential Unpublished Works, © 1992–1997 Dolby Laboratories, Inc. All rights reserved.</p><p>Intel, Intel Core, and Xeon are trademarks of Intel Corp. in the U.S. and other countries.</p><p>UNIX<sup>®</sup> is a registered trademark of The Open Group.</p><p>Other company and product names mentioned herein are trademarks of their respective companies.</p><p>Every effort has been made to ensure that the information in this manual is accurate. Apple is not responsible for printing or clerical errors.</p><p class="Para partNumber">EN028-00636/2022-10</p></body></html>